# lab-hw-basicbooks

**Name:** Dana Lee

**Notes to TA:** Replace this text with any important notes to the TA 
about your work.  **If you have nothing to say, delete
this text.**

Complete the following sections.  You "sign" your name by 
typing it in below.  **Failure to sign will result in a significant 
loss of points.** Remove this comment after signing.

**Do not delete these sections. If you received no help, etc. then
say so in your acknowledgement.  You should provide an answer
for each section.** Remove this comment once done.

Acknowledgment of Receiving Assistance or Use of Others' Ideas
--------------------------------------------------------------
I received the following help, assistance, or any ideas from 
classmates, other knowledgeable people, books or non-course 
websites (please include a description of discussions with 
the TA or the instructor):


I didn't recieve any help from others. 





Record of Giving Assistance to Others
-------------------------------------
I gave the following help, assistance, or ideas to the following
classmates (please describe what assistance to whom was given 
by you):





No, I didn't tell or send my solution (code) to others. I didn't give any help to others.





Declaration
-----------
I declare that except for the assistance noted above, assistance 
provided on the course website, and material provided by the 
instructor and/or TAs that this is my original work.

I have neither given nor received an electronic or printed version
of any part of this code to/from anyone.

I declare that any program output submitted as part of the
assignment was generated by the program code submitted and not 
altered in any way.

SIGNATURE: Dana Lee

